Add readme (#14)
smelly-python/smelly-python: README.md

# Smelly Python

> A python code smell reporting tool, created for the course Release [Engineering for Machine Learning applications](https://se.ewi.tudelft.nl/remla/2022/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code smell reporting tool for Python projects, created for the [Release Engineering for Machine Learning applications](https://se.ewi.tudelft.nl/remla/2022/) course at TU Delft.
```

> The tool generates a html report for easy viewing of pylint errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smelly Python generates an HTML report for easy viewing of Pylint errors.
```

> # How to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How To
```

1. Run `pip install smelly-python` 

> 2. Run `smelly-python -d {src}`. Replace `src` with the directory which should be analysed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `smelly-python -d {src}`. Replace `{src}` with the directory you want to analyse.
```

3. Open `./report/smelly_python/index.html` to view the generated report. 

> # Using more advanced features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Advanced Features of Pylint
```

> smelly-python will run the following command: `pylint {src} --output-format:json:report.json,text:grade.txt --exit-zero` where `src` it the previously mentioned input directory from the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smelly Python will run the following command: `pylint {src} --output-format:json:report.json,text:grade.txt --exit-zero`.
```

> In order to further customize the running of pylint, use the `.pylintrc` file to configure pylint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smelly Python will run the following command: `pylint {src} --output-format:json:report.json,text:grade.txt --exit-zero`. Therefore, in order to customize what settings Pylint runs witg, use the `.pylintrc` file to configure it. 
```

> # Using in github actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using Smelly-Python in GitHub Actions
```

> The tool has been designed to be run in a github action using [smelly-my-pr](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/smelly-python-smell-my-pr). The action will automatically post the output of the tool to your github pull requests and add a summary to the job. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool has been designed to be run within a GitHub workflow using the [smell-my-pr](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/smelly-python-smell-my-pr) GitHub action. The action will automatically post the output of the tool to your GitHub pull request as a comment and add a summary and artifact to the job. 
```
